It exploded very early,
Normally I don’t come here to give it a try,
However, I was slightly confused and wanted to join the national trial server.
Those who are behind the scenes are often confused,
We won’t say much, let’s think about it.
We, want you to bring the people down,
I will also give you a place to cover your ears,
Will you give it or refuse it?
I, I, am dead, my temperament is negligent, and it was true when I saw her today.
Do you want to listen to me and try to talk? Change the topic.
I take his body
The heaven is smaller to me now
A true national secret agent dares to become a dynasty on his own
Our great Xia emperor Hu Meng has a long culture
Please be your person
Unparalleled in Yiguo
You have already listened to me
my country's diplomacy
Even the sailors forgot and fled.
How dare you owe him a huge debt?
Please go out and blame you and me
I am the wife of my country’s wife
I see your way
Your Majesty, please contact me from Washington, D.C.
Please don't care, Your Majesty
Or do nothing
if you refuse to give in
He also saved others in half.
Then I'll wait
I just don't insist on keeping my responsibility
I'm here to help you, Your Majesty.
Of course I can leave
Please check it out in one step
I, I am asking me to death